# For players

Welcome to the crypto space! At CraftCoin, we believe that cryptocurrencies
is the future of money, as well as gaming.

## How to use crypto?

To create a crypto wallet, you need to just download a crypto wallet from
your phone's app store. You don't need to go anywhere, confirm your
address, phone number, even your real name. Just download -- and you're
done. For every operation you need at least a fraction of a penny in MATIC
(another cryptocurrency, but it's not only for gaming) in your wallet,
we'll tell you how to get it (for free) later.

## What is NFT?

Unlike what some people think, NFTs are not just useless pictures or links.
NFTs are tokens that have a utility. For example, if you have `IRON RANK`
NFT in your wallet, you have **[IRON]** rank on The Diamondverse. Some NFTs
give you access to additional game features, others are just collectibles,
but one thing is clear: if you don't think this NFT is worth buying, then
don't buy it.

## Crypto is a scam

Unlike popular myths, it's not. Yes, there are a lot of scams in crypto,
but in general, crypto is not a scam. There are also scams in fiat ("real"
money), that's how our world works. You can enter your credit card details
on a fake website, reply to a scam refund email, use your card in a hacked
ATM, but you simply got used to these types of scams. Crypto is a
completely new world with new types of scams. Actually, crypto is safer
than traditional banks because you don't need to trust anyone and enter
your confidential information, just keep your seed phrase safe.

### How to avoid scams?

To access a server or a dapp (decentralized app) you need to connect your
wallet using a QR code. You can connect to any QR code, it's completely
safe, but be aware of these things:

1. When you perform a transaction, a small (usually less than $0.01)
   transaction fee in MATIC is taken from your balance, it's OK. You are
   safe to send any transaction unless:
    - The transaction is "Approve". It means you allow to spend some of
      your tokens, sometimes it's infinity. Always look at the amount and
      check if you trust the developer. If you're trying to get a free
      NFT and the server wants 1000000000 CRAFT approval, it's probably a
      scam
    - The transaction is "Transfer". It means you're going to transfer your
      tokens to the server or a developer. Again, only confirm this
      transaction if you trust the developer.
2. Fake NFTs. Don't **search** NFT collections, use official links from
   server, server's website, discord or any other official source, anyone
   can create NFTs with any picture and description they want.
3. Scam tokens. Unless you know what you're doing and what you're going to
   buy, you probably don't need to buy tokens other than CRAFT and MATIC.
4. DM scammers. Don't send them your seed phrase! Your 12 words is your
   access to your wallet. Also don't show your Private Key, if someone asks
   you. Even if they're claiming to be CraftCoin support.
5. Fake giveaways. There's a lot of YouTube livestreams with Elon Must or
   other famous people who ask you to send your crypto. I know it's
   obvious for most of you, but there are people who actually lost money.
6. Fake websites. Make sure you don't make a typo in a website's address.
   Use bookmarks if you want to be 100% sure. By the way, if you follow the
   rules from `1`, you should be safe browsing fake websites.

## Starting without investment

Your first step in getting into crypto with CraftCoin would be obtaining
NFTs. You can do it in different ways, depending on server where you play.
If you have earned your NFT but can't claim it (because your balance is 0
and you don't want to buy crypto), ask us at Discord and we'll help you.
Then you can sell your NFT for CRAFT, exchange CRAFT for MATIC and now you
have enough MATIC for your future needs. We would appreciate if you donate
some MATIC to other players in Discord who need some.
